Add package readmes (#91210)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/Microsoft.Extensions.Http/src/PACKAGE.md

## About

<!-- A description of the package and where one can find more documentation -->

> [Microsoft.Extensions.Http](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Http) package provides `AddHttpClient` extension methods for `IServiceCollection`, `IHttpClientFactory` interface and its default implementation. This provides the ability to set up named `HttpClient` configurations in a DI container and later retrieve them via an injected `IHttpClientFactory` instance.

Reviewer: Nit: I wonder if you could come up with a more general description, that focuses more on the primary reason(s) of using `IHttpClientFactory` than the specific `AddHttpClient` API-s?

## Key Features

<!-- The key features of this package -->

* The package allows to fluently set up multiple `HttpClient` configurations for applications that use DI via `AddHttpClient` extension method.
* `HttpClientFactory` caches `HttpMessageHandler` instances per configuration name, which allows to reuse resources between `HttpClient` instances to avoid port exhaustion.

> * `HttpClientFactory` manages lifetime of `HttpMessageHandler` instances and recycles connections to avoid losing DNS changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HttpClientFactory` manages lifetime of `HttpMessageHandler` instances and recycles connections to track DNS changes.
```
